[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
George Noory with you
and our special guest,
Sarah Adams, back with
us, an intuitive healer
who from a little
age has experienced
a wide range of
paranormal phenomena,
from abductions to angels.
And she has experienced her
supernatural and past lives
in Egypt, Atlantis,
telepathy, weather anomalies.
You name it, she's
gone through it.
Sarah, welcome back.
How are you?
>>SARAH ADAMS: Thank you.
Thank you for having me back.
>>NOORY: We have had
such a great response
to your original "Beyond Belief"
with me a year, two years ago.
It was absolutely
unbelievable, so it's
great to have you
back with us again.
>>ADAMS: I am so
thankful for that.
I was able to kind of have
a lot of lovely people come
in contact with me
because of this show.
>>NOORY: Super.
Let's talk a little bit about
yourself and these gifts
that I think you have.
How did it start
and at what age?
>>ADAMS: As a small
child, I always remember
speaking to angels,
speaking to other beings.
And I remember that I
had a tough childhood.
And I would have
angels come to me
and explain to me why
things were just not
that great here on Earth and
why I was experiencing that.
I accepted to incarnate
into a tough childhood
so I could understand
it, so I could
understand the suffering going
on in the world, especially
with children.
So that's something that
I was able to gather
a lot of knowledge on
in this incarnation.
>>NOORY: Did you
reach out to them,
or do you think that they
realized you needed some help
and assistance?
>>ADAMS: They were going to
be with me since before I
incarnated here.
They were going to-- that was--
they were going to come with
me during this incarnation
here to help support me and
help me get through everything.
Did I request at times
maybe higher forces
to even come and help me?
I did.
There was always a
lot of love and bliss
and all that, those
higher emotions.
And experiencing
a lot of deep pain
as a child sometimes
is tough, and that's
when I would call in
for higher forces.
And they would come and
take any pain I had away.
They would reassure
me that I was
going to be OK, that they
were always there with me
no matter what.
>>NOORY: And you've
carried this with you
into your adult life
now, haven't you?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: As a healer, tell
me some of the things you do.
>>ADAMS: Oh, people
call me a healer,
but it's a label I don't like.
I believe I just guide
people to heal themselves.
I believe that--
>>NOORY: That's interesting.
They do it themselves.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
I believe that only we each
ourselves has the power
to heal ourselves.
Nobody else can heal us, but
we can be guided to heal.
And so I do that.
I guide people to heal.
I say, listen, you work
on different organs.
You can tell your
organs literally
to heal, to become healthy,
to detox of anything negative.
Whether it's emotions or
toxins in your organs,
it will listen to you.
And I've found the
success rate of this
to be probably like 90%.
>>NOORY: That's huge.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
And I've worked with clients
all around the world, thousands
of clients.
And I just have
them concentrate.
I say, listen, use your
mind to tell your organ
to clear that energy,
to clear those emotions,
to bring in new energy.
And it works quite well.
>>NOORY: Would you say that
you're a facilitator primarily?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
I teach people that they
are powerful and divine
and they have all this
within them already.
>>NOORY: If they don't believe
it, can they heal themselves?
>>ADAMS: I have an amazing
power of persuasion,
I'll tell you that.
I think the beginning
of healing on any level
is believing in yourself.
So that's one of the
things that I really--
I just tell them, you
know, you're amazing,
you're this kind of--
I think it works.
I think so much in the world
that we've been put down.
We put each other down,
and this is a problem.
So we're so used
to being put down
that when we're lifted up, when
we have people just tell us
nice things, it has such
a positive effect on our--
>>NOORY: It's infectious.
>>ADAMS: Yes, yes.
So it usually works
to get them up there.
Even if they don't
believe in themselves,
it usually does work.
>>NOORY: See, I've
always believed, Sarah,
that this planet should be
doing exactly what you have said
to change the world,
rather than evil and hatred
and putting people down
and everything else.
>>ADAMS: I recently--
I came this morning
to your show,
and I know we have a
series of questions,
and I speak to those
who have passed.
This is one of my gifts,
and it's very beautiful.
And one experience I
had around this time
I did the show with you
last year was this cemetery.
And I went to this cemetery,
and I know it sounds morbid,
but I love cemeteries.
I went to this cemetery because
these souls were requesting
I come and speak to them.
So I sat in there and I just--
I sat and I meditated
and did this prayer,
and they came to me.
All these souls came to me.
They said, we're worried
about the state of the world.
We're worried that the
planet is polluted.
We're worried about
world leaders.
>>NOORY: All justified.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
They're worried about politics.
They're worried
about the systems
that we have in place are not
helping people how they should.
They're worried
about their families.
And they worry even
though they've passed on.
And they came to me
and they told me this.
And they said that they wanted
me to get that message across.
And they came back this
morning, a lot of souls,
and told me this and said,
get the message across
that nobody ever dies.
We move on into other realms
or other incarnations,
and it's very beautiful.
But we are worried about
the state of this planet,
and we want that to change
into something positive
because we have family
members we love,
and we want the world to become
a beautiful place so that it's
not an experience of
negativity to incarnate here,
but rather an experience of
positivity, an experience that
uplifts rather than destroys.
>>NOORY: Do they get involved?
Do they make change or do they
just merely point things out
like they have to you?
>>ADAMS: They do as
much as they can.
I've known ghosts to
protect little children who
are being abused, I've known
them to try to you know come
and-- even when I was very
ill at one point in my life,
I was very, very sick, and they
would come and they would say,
OK, they'd try to
help heal me or they'd
try to make jokes
to bring me up.
And I've seen them do all
sorts of things like this.
I had one lady--
I bumped into this
girl, I didn't know her,
and I could see
that she had cancer.
And her mom was right next
to her, the ghost of her mom.
And she was like,
tell my daughter
that she needs to take
her meds and get healthy.
And I looked at the girl and
I said, are you being healthy?
She goes, no, I'm not.
She said, my mom died
and I just want to die.
And I said, your mom
doesn't want you to die.
She's right here
next to you and she's
telling me to tell you that
she loves you and she wants
to see you get healthier and
she wants you to take your meds
and she wants you to get better
and live a happy, healthy life.
>>NOORY: Are they in
shock when you say
that, your mom is right here?
>>ADAMS: Well, I was
able to describe her.
I said, your mom is
wearing this blue dress.
And she said, yeah, my mom used
to always wear a blue dress.
And she was just crying.
She's like, thank you.
And I feel like I'm
blessed to have that
and I'm blessed that these
spirits interact with me
and they bring all this
knowledge and all this love
back to their loved ones
who are alive in this world
and it's a very beautiful thing.
>>NOORY: Has it ever
been to much for you,
where they just bombard you
to the point where you can't
sleep, you can't do anything?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
I had some in England,
and they're like,
oh, you, can see us,
you can talk to us.
So I passed by this old
cemetery in England and there
were some very old, sailors--
>>NOORY: Who had died.
>>ADAMS: Died, obviously ghosts.
And I was with my now deceased
partner back then, Max Spiers.
And he-- I was like, we
have to go back home now.
They're following me.
There's probably 100
because they were,
like, you can see us.
So then they want me to get a
message across to their loved
ones or sometimes even
to political leaders
on a grand scale.
So they are very interactive in
what's happening in this world,
whether it's-- like I said--
to loved ones or on a political
scale or what's
happening to the planet.
They are very involved in that
and very worried about that.
>>NOORY: Is there,
because you're
very surrounded in light, but
is there a dark side to this
where even you have to fight it?
>>ADAMS: When they've
been through trauma,
sometimes they can be like--
I feel like when,
let's say, they've
been through trauma
throughout their lifetime,
they can just be in this
dark aura, this dark cloud.
And I help to bring
light to them.
I'll remind them of love
or just send them love.
And it's really interesting
because when that happens,
it's like that darkness
kind of just fades away.
>>NOORY: Dissipates.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
And then they're free.
And they're free to go and
incarnate or go to light
or go wherever they want.
I believe a lot of--
we have some very
terrible hauntings
in the world where there's
some very scary hauntings.
I believe those are the ones
who've had a lot of trauma
and they need us to go
and send light to them
so that they can pass
and they can be OK.
I had an experience where
I was told a long time ago
we had practices where
when somebody died,
we would give them light.
We would imagine sending them
light that would send them
a lot of energy so
that they could then
go into the higher realms.
And we have a lot of souls
that are just stuck here
because they have,
like you said,
the dark aura because of the
trauma that happened to them.
And they're just stuck here.
And they're not
evil or anything.
They just need us
to understand how
energy works and us to help
them so that they can move on.
>>NOORY: I bet, though,
you've got like the devil who
just doesn't like you.
You're cutting into his action.
>>ADAMS: I feel like there
are some dark forces that
try to mess with me at times.
But I am very, very protected.
I'm very protected and I feel
like I have a good heart.
Recently, I had somebody
send me a dark entity.
And this entity came to me
and it said, we can't we
can't mess with anybody who
has their heart checker lit up.
That's the highest
magic is the heart.
And even they have feelings.
And so I spoke to it and it was
a very beautiful experience.
Because after I spoke to it--
they tell me, they say--
even some dark
entities that are used,
it's very well known
that there are ceremonies
that go on with dark magic
to keep the consciousness
of this world suppressed.
Those very beings, they
told me they do not
like that there are quote
masters or those who
force them to do dark stuff.
They don't like that.
>>NOORY: They fight it?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
They don't like it.
It's almost like
they're forced to do it,
but they don't
like it themselves.
>>NOORY: Intuitive
speaker Lee Harris
appeared on Gaia's
program "Open Minds"
to talk about higher
frequencies on the planet.
Let's look.
>>LEE HARRIS:
Higher consciousness
has become higher,
meaning so many
of you in the past decade
or two have ascended
much of your own
personal density,
meaning the next levels
of higher consciousness
are now hitting the planet.
Many of you will
have experienced
a temporal hold on consciousness
in some ways between 2012
and 2016.
And now as you move
into the 2017 to 2025
period, what we would
call golden consciousness
is hitting the Earth.
Far from the seductive
name it sounds to be,
it is quite destructive,
for it will destroy density
at faster rates, which is
why at a planetary level,
you are seeing this take place.
And at personal
levels, those of you
who had long felt what you would
call awake, alive, ascended
are finding that suddenly,
the speed is increasing
all over again and you are
going deeper and further out
than humans have for
a very long time.
For we will say
that back in time,
humans were able to go very
far for a short period of time
before what you would know as
the energetic clamp got put
onto the mindset and the
energy field of humanity,
that clamp which is now
in an almighty battle
to restore itself, not
necessarily for the purposes
of humanity but instead for
the purposes of the universe.
>>NOORY: It looks
like, Sarah, he was
in some kind of trance state.
Was he?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
And he has just
beautiful energy.
>>NOORY: Who does he
communicate with when
he's doing stuff like that?
>>ADAMS: I feel like
he's communicating
with what I call God's
source or God force itself.
>>NOORY: Which you
have tapped into, too.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
Eternal flow of energy
everywhere, which I believe
is the real true God.
I guess God is a terrible
label, but that's
the way people understand it.
>>NOORY: Can anybody
get it to this mode
like Lee Harris has
or you have in order
to reach the other side?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
God is not biased.
God is there if we
want to tap into that.
No matter how you look, no
matter what gender you are,
what race, it doesn't
matter-- what age--
you can tap into God.
And I think that
we have been taught
that you must have a religion
or you must have this
or that to tap into
God, and that's a lie.
God is an eternal
force of energy
that runs through
everything-- through nature,
through everything, through
the stars, through the sun,
through the heavens,
through all.
And we can tap into that.
We just, like I said, we have to
get rid of all of these belief
systems that have
been put into us.
And we need just
to go within and we
need to tap into
ourselves because God
is within ourselves.
God is our soul.
I believe that all souls are God
energy within the human body.
And we often, we're
not one with our soul.
We live in 3D physical
reality without being
one with our soul, and this
is where a lot of problems
have come from.
We tap into God when we go
within and tap into our soul.
>>NOORY: You seem to be, Sarah,
an extremely positive person--
extremely positive.
How do you combat the negativity
that's out there in the world
all the time?
>>ADAMS: So when you tap
into that force, God,
it's unconditional love.
And it reminds you that death,
any hardships, are nothing.
You're eternal.
You;re-- you have--
>>NOORY: Do you
ever have a bad day?
>>ADAMS: Of course I have bad--
>>NOORY: You're human.
>>ADAMS: Of course
I have bad days.
Yes.
I'm in a human-- sorry,
I'm in a human incarnation.
So yes, I do have a bad day.
But at the end, throughout the
day, I often pray and meditate.
So I'm continuously going
back and tapping into God
continuously, tapping into God.
I bring all my problems
to God, and God
shows me the ways fix them
or helps me with them.
So I could say that it's--
and I've been through
a lot of trauma,
as I stated, as a child or even
losing somebody I really loved.
It was very hard.
I came back from all
of that because of God,
me tapping into that source--
>>NOORY: You're
tougher, to be sure.
>>ADAMS: There was one point
where I remember that--
I've always followed.
I've always aligned myself to
this energy in way-- what it
shows me in visions and dreams.
It gives me emotions, it speaks
to me in many different ways.
Even I will be driving and this
song will come on the radio--
I have asked a
question or let's say
I'll be having a hard
day this song will
come on that says, cheer up or
everything's going to be OK.
And I feel that God is
speaking to me through people,
through everything around me.
So I really, really
have that support.
Did I have a really bad time
when somebody I love died?
I had a very bad time.
And I was dying, I was very ill.
And I remember I--
>>NOORY: You were that sick?
>>ADAMS: I was that sick.
I was that sick.
And I remember just
God saying, listen,
I know you're having a hard
time in this incarnation
but you're going to be OK.
I'm going to restore you.
You're going to be OK.
Just keep walking with me.
And I have healed and I've
become back happy again
and blissful and just
very fulfilled in my life.
>>NOORY: Not only have you
had angelic experiences,
but you have had
extraterrestrial experiences.
Tell us about that and
how did that start?
>>ADAMS: Oh, as a child.
So I--
>>NOORY: Everything
happened to you as a child.
>>ADAMS: You know
what, but I remember
incarnate and with
a lot of forces
that were surrounding me.
So yes.
So I kind of came into the body
and they were like, we're here.
You're in a 3D human experience,
we're here now with you.
So as a child, I've had very
many different ET experiences.
>>NOORY: Physical
or telepathy-type?
>>ADAMS: Both.
Yes.
As a child, too, I was having
a hard time in my body.
And with the abuse I
was having a child,
it was causing the
heart time for me.
And I was taken into a ship
where some ETs worked on me.
And they said, your
body is not working
right because the soul
I am, it's so different.
So they were like, listen,
your body is having a hard time
containing your soul because
of all the energy that's--
>>NOORY: And was it?
>>ADAMS: Yes, it was.
I was having a hard time--
a very, very hard time.
And I'd just curl up in pain.
So they took me to the ship,
they worked on me for a while,
and then after that
I was completely OK.
>>NOORY: They realigned you.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
They realigned me.
So they would come to me
and help me with that.
They would make sure
that I was protected
until I grew older so I could
use my own abilities to shield
myself.
They explained to me
about hybrid children.
So they said that a
lot of hybrid children
had been created to help the
consciousness of the planet
go up but that there
was a disconnect
between the hybrid
children and their mothers.
So they brought me in a ship.
There were all these
hybrid children.
And they said we want--
because I had learned a little
more of the human experience,
they wanted me to connect
telepathically and emotionally
to the children and let
them know everything's
going to be OK, download the
information I'd experienced
into them.
Because apparently,
the hybrid children
feel emotions very, very deeply.
And what they were doing is
they were getting sick and ill
because they were streaming out
their parents' and their moms'
emotions and all
that just karma,
gunk that they had not cleared.
And the little hybrid
children were being so
overwhelmed this was kind
of causing them to be almost
like it was tormenting
them from being overwhelmed
energetically.
So they would have to bring the
children back up to the ships
and they would give the
children what I call time off,
where they didn't have to
karmically help clear anything.
And these children would
be connected to them
telepathically and they
would just give sort of them
emotions of bliss and all
of those higher emotions
to restore their energy
fields so that their energy
fields were OK.
So I was requested to go in and
kind of download my information
and calm them down
and say, listen,
I've learned some things
about being on this planet--
>>NOORY: And you were just a
kid when this was happening?
>>ADAMS: I was actually
probably around that age.
I was a teenager
when that happened.
Yes.
>>NOORY: Now, when you
say they worked on you,
was it a physical thing
or a mental thing?
What did they do?
>>ADAMS: No.
So they worked on
my energy field
to align it more with my body.
I do believe this is the
medicine of the future.
From what I see, we're
like a net of a whole bunch
of multicolored energy threads.
That's what creates
the physical 3D body.
And so they worked
on it almost like--
have you ever seen
Native Americans, how
they have the lady who weaves?
She's working and she's
supposed to be weaving reality?
Yes.
This is how a lot
of our being is.
It's almost like a wave.
>>NOORY: Native
Americans get it.
They understand it.
>>ADAMS: Yes, they do.
Including the rainbow aura.
Yes.
I do a lot of work on that.
But that's how we are.
So let's say you have
where you're depressed
or stuff, that's negative
weaves of threads
and I'd see them
as black or gray.
And so they remove that and
it would affect your energy.
>>NOORY: Were they alien greys
or did they look like us?
What did they look like?
>>ADAMS: I communicate with
a lot of different beings--
reptilians, the grays, all
sorts of beings, by the way.
So this is going to be
my take on my experience
with reptilians and with grays.
One, I have experienced a lot
of good things with grays,
but I feel there's two types.
There were ones that I feel
like more military-style that I
had encountered that
were almost like not
ETs, but rather something that
was maybe created or cloned up.
>>NOORY: A little
too aggressive?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
And then there was what I
call the original grays were
actually really kind and caring.
They were very
interested in making
sure the children
of humanity were OK
and in bringing
consciousness up.
So I've had those encounters.
And then I've had encounters--
I had an encounter
with a reptilian chief
because they're more
tribal reptilians.
>>NOORY: They seem
dangerous to me.
Are they?
>>ADAMS: You know what, when
you're tapped into God force,
you're not scared of anything.
And so they told me, they said
that they feed off of energy.
So as much as humanity
feeds off of food,
they feed off of energy.
So the reptilian chief said,
listen, humanity is suffering.
They're having a lot of
issues, but so is my species.
He said, so are my kin.
We're suffering too.
Because he said that
originally, there
were a lot of priests
and priestesses
that would open portals of
light and then these beings
would feed off these.
But they're starving because
these portals have been closed
up since a long time ago.
So they're starving,
they're having to feed off
of the energy of humanity.
Humanity is harming each other,
so there's a lot of chaos.
So he was saying, listen,
if we don't feed, we die.
He's saying that
we need to return--
he told me, he said,
we need to return
to the original sort of the
original template of everything
where all species
got along, where
there was no eating
each other's energy,
there was no harming each other.
And he was telling
me that's where
we need to go back into the
sacred practices, where we need
to have priests and priestesses
that will open these portals
and do these different things
so that not only will it
nurture humanity, it's going to
nurture these other beings who
are also starving of energy and
starving of different things
that they need.
>>NOORY: So Barbara Lamb,
past life regressionist,
talked on "Beyond Belief"
about some of these contacts.
>>BARBARA LAMB: I
think people come in
and they ask the
question, why me?
Why are these things
happening to me and yet not
to anybody else I know?
And I would wonder if
that, too, of course.
So in a regression,
we can go back
to the very source
of their having
these experiences,
the beginning,
the root of their
having these experiences
with the
extraterrestrial beings.
And what has come out of
regressions like that,
without my suggesting
it at all--
I make no suggestions--
the person has discovered
that just before coming
into this lifetime as
the person they are,
they've had sort of a
planning session as a soul.
And in that planning
session, they're
deciding some of the
major types of things
they'll be experiencing
in this life in order
to learn from them,
to grow and develop.
And they'll decide who
the main people are
going to be in
their life and where
they will be in the world,
which culture, which religion,
et cetera.
And in that planning
session, some
of the souls of
extraterrestrial beings
come in and ask if the person
would agree to work with them,
cooperate with them here and
there in terms of projects
that the beings are doing.
And in that planning
session of the soul,
the soul has
decided, yes, I'll do
that in addition to
all the other things
I'm choosing to do
in that lifetime.
>>NOORY: Does that
resonate with you some?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
I told you I had soul planning.
>>NOORY: Yeah Same thing.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: She's one
of a kind, isn't she?
>>ADAMS: She's amazing, yes.
I know about some of her work.
She's amazing.
I will say this, though.
I will say that some of those
people who have incarnated who
are getting abducted are
actually aliens that incarnated
or they're higher beings
or different beings that
incarnated to have
a human experience
and they need realigned
like I needed realigning.
So they're being
abducted because of that.
And that's why some of the
surgical stuff does go on.
>>NOORY: When they
realign, do they just
do it one time now for
you, or do you constantly
need to be realigned?
>>ADAMS: So the other day, I
was getting a hot stone massage
and suddenly, I realized
there's two beings.
And they had come
and they were just--
>>NOORY: They were there?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
They put their like
more wispy hands over me
and were helping to realign me.
Because by doing a hot
stone massage, I was saying,
yes, I'm open to healing.
So they got that and they
were like, OK, you're
open to healing; we're
going to come and help.
We will get help.
See, a lot of people say, OK,
why aren't angels helping me?
I'm having such a
bad time, why aren't
higher beings helping me?
You have to literally
do the steps.
You can't just say,
oh, I want help.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Some people don't get
the help, do they?
>>ADAMS: Well, it's the steps.
You have to do the steps.
You have to really
change your diet,
you have to do different
things to earn it.
You have to prove I'm not--
>>NOORY: So it's not
just handed to you.
>>ADAMS: It's not
You've got to prove.
It's just like abilities.
I'm very, very
good at doing stuff
like remote viewing and
astral projection and stuff,
but I have to earn it.
And if I ever do anything
bad with it, misuse it,
it's taken away from me.
You have to realize, imagine
if everybody had abilities
and they were not
using them right.
It would make the world an
even more horrible place,
more chaotic place than now.
Yes.
Humans have so many
capabilities in them, and what
I call superpowers
that they can only
access once they start to
take control of themselves
and build themselves
up and earn it.
>>NOORY: Do you have any
regrets that this has
happened to you over the years?
>>ADAMS: No.
>>NOORY: No downside?
I feel I'm very blessed.
>>NOORY: Did they save you?
>>ADAMS: God saves me, God
that eternal force saves me.
Yes.
>>NOORY: Did God send
the ETs, the angels?
>>ADAMS: Many of
the highest beings,
very ancient beings like
ETs, are allied to God force.
They understand that
that is life given.
It's a river, it's an ocean
that's eternally life given.
And that's why they
are aligned to it.
>>NOORY: The physical world
and the spiritual world
sometimes mesh.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: What about the objects
that are associated with them?
Do you use anything like
crystals or anything like that?
>>ADAMS: I had just this
recently this download,
and it said, stop taking
crystals from the Earth.
This is like taking--
>>NOORY: Stop, really?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
And it said, all we
need is within us.
We just need to
realize that and we
need to stop using
objects around us.
And crystals are amazing.
They are amazing and I'm
very thankful for them.
But it's almost like--
>>NOORY: Do you use them?
>>ADAMS: I'm not buying
anymore since this download.
>>NOORY: But you've got
what you need, right?
>>ADAMS: I already have them.
I'm not going to
get rid of them.
I might put some back
in nature, but I'm not
going to buy anymore
since the download.
The most power that I
find is within myself
when I tap into God force.
This is the most
insane, intense power.
And it's a library of everything
and anything I could possibly.
>>NOORY: Explain
that, the God force.
What is that?
>>ADAMS: It's that energy, that
force that runs through nature.
It runs through all of us.
That's why you're alive.
If you didn't have energy
running through you,
you wouldn't be alive.
And so we can up that energy
and when we up that energy,
we're upping that
God force through us.
So it's an internal energy
that runs through everything--
through the universes,
through the stars,
through the suns, everything.
>>NOORY: What gives
us that energy, Sarah?
Do we create it or
is it given to us?
>>ADAMS: This energy
constantly creates.
And we are allowed to
tap into it as much as we
want or is less as we want.
The more we tap into it,
the more we are fulfilled,
the more we are healed, the
more we have what I call
"soul-lutions," solutions for
all within our soul energy,
solutions to all our
world's problems,
whether it's starvation, whether
it's emotional suffering,
all suffering.
Once we tap into that, we will
find solutions there for this.
When we refuse to
tap into it, when
we have just a little bit of
energy running through us,
we will start to
get sick, we will
start to have lower emotions.
>>NOORY: Good point.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Some people say we
have crystals in the brain.
We have a Gaia show, "Brain
Crystals and Psychic Powers."
>>NARRATOR: This is
magnetite, one of the most
magnetic substances on Earth.
As you can probably guess, it
has a diverse range of uses,
from fridge magnets to
generating electricity
in power plants.
But what you probably
wouldn't guess
is that your brain actually
synthesizes these crystals,
and you have hundreds
of millions of them
inside your head.
Scientists are still
unsure what role, if any,
these crystals play in
the brain's function.
Studies have inferred
that it may play
a role in long-term memory.
In animals like honeybees,
homing pigeons and dolphins,
magnetite is believed to be
associated with the ability
to navigate based on the
Earth's magnetic field.
While similar studies have
yet to be performed on humans,
we do know that
Earth's magnetic fields
affect everything from our
mood to our ability to learn.
Even stranger,
research has begun
to prove links between
the electromagnetic field
of our planet and
psychic abilities.
Could these crystals
act like tiny antennas,
connecting our brains to each
other and to the entire planet?
It may sound far fetched, but
surprisingly there is evidence.
>>NOORY: That's
pretty fascinating.
>>ADAMS: See, we
don't need crystals.
We have them in us.
>>NOORY: Do you agree with that?
>>ADAMS: Yes, I do.
And I believe it--
so I believe that there's
an ancient crystal
system within this Earth
and within each planet that
connects and kind of passes
energy to each other.
So we're connected to this
ancient crystal system,
and it passes
information energy.
>>NOORY: We're all
magnetic, aren't we?
>>ADAMS: Yes, we are.
>>NOORY: Do you utilize tapping
into that to do anything?
>>ADAMS: Yes, very much.
I can tap into the Earth's field
all the time and speak to it.
>>NOORY: You feel it?
>>ADAMS: Oh, yes.
It speaks to me all the time.
I was able recently
to speak to the Earth
about its magnetic field
and how it's off right now.
>>NOORY: It is off, isn't it?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
It's off due to pollution,
it's off due to satellites.
It's literally being affected
by our AI, by our satellites,
by our Wi-Fi, by our 5G.
It's being affected
by that and this
is causing the Earth's
magnetic field to be off.
Now, the Earth did let
me know to tell humanity
that they have the power
within them to literally tell
the Earth's magnetic
field to come back
into its original sort
of blueprint and heal.
>>NOORY: What is it
doing to us, Sarah,
the fact that it's off kilter?
>>ADAMS: Oh.
So it was explaining to
me that it's some people--
we have a lot of
issues right now
with people just acting
very strange and out of it.
>>NOORY: Extremely.
>>ADAMS: Yes, emotionally.
So it's having a negative effect
on the emotions of people.
The Earth's magnetic field
has an effect on emotions,
it has an effect on
thoughts, it has an effect
even on the fertility
of plants and crops.
So it said that
we're going to have--
it said we will be having issues
with crops, with emotions,
with all sorts of things.
Everything is going to be
off because of the Earth's
magnetic field being off.
>>NOORY: Can we physically
change it ourself?
>>ADAMS: We can.
So I saw that we needed to get
groups together and meditate
on the Earth's magnetic
field and request
that it goes back into place.
And we have this ability to
stream energy through us,
and we have that
God-given ability.
As I said, when we
bring our energy up,
we're closer to God's source.
And that literally tells
the elements what to do,
the physical elements.
And we can use that
God-given power
to tell this Earth to heal
and to heal ourselves and heal
each other.
>>NOORY: When you're out,
maybe a party or something,
can you feel somebody who
lacks that kind of field?
>>ADAMS: I don't party.
When I walk in the store--
>>NOORY: Or if you're
in a crowd or something.
>>ADAMS: When I
walk in the store,
I can feel so many people
depleted energetically.
And it's like I often will
just give them a lot of energy.
Now I'm able to shield.
But I try to give as much energy
because I believe that being--
we have a lot in the
world who are takers
and we must be givers.
>>NOORY: Doesn't
that exhaust you?
>>ADAMS: No.
God is an eternal
source of energy,
so I just continuously
go back and recharge.
No.
And we need more
people doing this.
We need what I call
more portals of light.
So we've got what I call
portals of darkness, which
are people who zap energy.
>>NOORY: Negative.
Negative.
Psychic vampires I call them.
>>ADAMS: Right.
And that's because
they're just depleted.
That's because they've been
traumatized or different
things.
And we need people that--
we need somebody who's
a psychic vampire.
Rather than cut
that person off, we
need a group of people who
are portals of light that's
going to send them enough energy
to fill that deep, dark void
and light them back up.
>>NOORY: What's your take on
these psychic vampires who,
in many cases, are nice
people; they're not evil;
they just don't know why people
want to run away from them?
>>ADAMS: Ooh.
They're a psychic vampire
one, because either past lives
they've had trauma
that's carried down
into their aura in this
lifetime or they've
had trauma in this
lifetime or they're just so
cut off from their souls.
We just have a lot of
people out there, honestly,
that are cut off from
their souls, which
is God's source, which
caused them to be like this.
And I believe that that can
be fixed when we go within.
And when we start to kind of
bring that energy into us,
we become givers of
light in our life,
rather than energy vampires
that just deplete ourselves
and others.
>>NOORY: I want to talk with
you for a moment in the time we
have remaining about
artificial intelligence,
AI, which you've
looked at a lot.
Gaia, of course, has a
series called "Deep Space."
They dealt with AI.
>>NARRATOR: So AI people call
this the singularity for a very
definite reason.
They liken it to the
physics of a black hole.
At the center a black hole, you
have a singularity, essentially
a point of virtual
infinite density
and infinite
gravitational power.
And in that type
of crazy physics,
all of the physics that we
have don't seem to apply.
We don't know how to predict
things at the singularity.
And this is what
AI theorists are
saying, when computing
intelligence exceeds our own,
we human beings will
then have the ability
to predict the trajectory
of our civilization.
We're basically going to be
losing control over this car
that we think we're driving.
And it's now the dominant
intelligence will be behind us.
And what will that
dominant intelligance do?
Will it merge with us, as
Kurzweil thinks, a combination
of human-machine
hybrid intelligence
where we'll be some
freakish bunch of creatures
living for 500 years
and IQs of 1,000
totally unlike what we are?
Or will the computers
think, humanity?
Let's pull a
"Terminator" on them.
We have no idea.
We don't know.
Or will they be our willing
slaves and make our world
a paradise?
Who knows.
That's why it's a singularity.
We can't really
predict any of this.
>>NOORY: Will AI
conflict, Sarah,
on some of the things that
we've been talking about today?
Will it hurt it?
>>ADAMS: I believe that
AI kind of keeps us away
from our true power.
And that's the power within
us, that's the power of energy.
>>NOORY: So it hurts us.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
I believe that it hurts us and
I believe it hurts the planet.
I believe it hurts the animals,
I believe it hurts nature,
and I believe that it's very
destructive to this planet.
In my downloads, I got
that AI comes from 1D.
It's what I call a false power.
We have been told
that it's powerful,
that it's just this almighty
sort of technology when
actually, it cannot compare to
the technology we have when we
light ourselves up.
We will be telepathic,
we will have
power over all the
elements, we will
be able to travel
interplanetarily.
All this stuff was
lost a long time ago.
It was never achieved with AI.
It was achieved by learning how
to stream that energy we have
within us, through us on
a more powerful level,
and how to work with
that, not AI intelligence.
>>NOORY: Do you see AI as
perhaps one of our biggest
dangers?
>>ADAMS: Oh, I do.
>>NOORY: Sounds like it.
>>ADAMS: I do.
OK.
So some years ago in
England, I literally
was drawn out of my body
to a group of sperm whales
that were beaching themselves.
And I went to try
to speak to them,
and they speak often
through colors and emotions.
And I was requesting that
they don't beach themselves.
And I was asking them
why they were doing this.
And immediately, the whales
started to say to me,
no, we want to die.
And I said, why?
And they said, listen,
we're going to show you.
And it's like I merged
with their consciousness
and I could hear--
it was like rock music,
heavy metal music constantly.
The AI satellites--
>>NOORY: It was
driving them crazy.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
The AI satellite systems, the
waves they're sending down,
it's literally--
because in the ocean,
it's literally more loud because
the water is magnifying it.
And it was like they were living
every single day like hearing
metal music in their heads.
It's driving them mad.
So they let me know that they
wanted to beach themselves
because they did not
want to live like that.
>>NOORY: That's the way to get
away from it, kill themselves.
>>ADAMS: Exactly.
It's harming this
planet, it's harming
the animal life of this planet.
>>NOORY: Well, I thought
it was something like that.
>>ADAMS: It is, yes.
It's terrible.
It's one of the worst--
>>NOORY: Sonar and
everything else,
it's just us bombarding them.
>>ADAMS: And we're all doing
it because of military stuff
and because we
can't as a species
learn to get along and
learn to uplift each other
and learn to heal
and learn to seek
life, rather than destruction.
>>NOORY: If you had
your way, would you
stop all artificial
intelligence work?
>>ADAMS: Yes, I would.
>>NOORY: Instantly.
>>ADAMS: Instantly.
And I'd start focusing on
the work of spiritual work
on how energy streams through
us and how we can actually
light up this ancient system,
like the crystals system that
passes information through
us and through every--
whether through planets, through
suns, through solar systems.
I would start working
on that because that
is what controls the
very elements that are
and we have power
over all of that.
Our power when we light
up is immense beyond.
It's like Superman.
>>NOORY: Sure.
Are you glad you have these
abilities to help people?
>>ADAMS: I am thankful for them.
I can see that I've been
able to help a lot of people.
>>NOORY: And yourself
as well, right?
>>ADAMS: And myself as well.
>>NOORY: That was
probably the initial key.
So what advice, Sarah--
>>NOORY: They're God-given.
>>ADAMS: If I didn't
walk the path--
I always have to
clean and clarify.
If I didn't, they would
be removed from me.
>>NOORY: What advice
would you give somebody
who, like you, had
a rough childhood,
is an adult probably right
now listening and watching
this program, and they
want to tap into this
and they just don't know how?
What do you think
they should do?
>>ADAMS: So one,
visualization meditation.
Start to get on a healthy
diet, start to go within.
I do a lot of
prayer, going within.
I do a lot of exercises
like imagining
beautiful water washing over--
>>NOORY: Yoga, stuff like that?
>>ADAMS: Just simple
like this, imagine water
washing anything
negative out my aura,
imagine a golden light
pouring into my aura.
And I do that to
my different organs
and do a lot of rainbow colors.
And this just amazingly--
within seconds,
you start to feel it once you
do those sorts of exercises.
>>NOORY: It happens
that quickly.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
Oh, it does.
Yes.
>>NOORY: How many
people, what percent,
do you think might be
walking around this planet
right now not tuned in,
not the way they should be?
>>ADAMS: I'd say
most of humanity.
And that's why humanity
is in the state it is.
And when they start to tap into
each other, into themselves,
they will tap into
each other and they'll
start to have this empathy
and this compassion.
Because they will
feel when they're
hurting another person and
they won't be able to it.
>>NOORY: What's the best
advice you could give a parent?
>>ADAMS: Oh, teach them love
and compassion and just be open.
Don't impose
religion or anything
that's going to close them up.
And teach them about energy.
Teach them that they are
much more than a 3D body,
that there's spirit in the body.
>>NOORY: Thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief" again.
>>ADAMS: Thanks you.
>>NOORY: It's always
good seeing you.
>>ADAMS: Thank you.
>>NOORY: If people want to get
a hold of you, how do they find?
>>NOORY: So you can find
me at www.sarahradams.com.
That's my website.
Super.
You've heard it.
She's an intuitive, but
she's much more than that.
She has the ability to
empower individuals to bring
the very best out of everybody.
I'm George Noory and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]